Credit Card Fraud Detection,It is important that credit card companies are able to recognize fraudulent credit card transactions so that customers are not charged for items that they did not purchase.The datasets contains transactions made by credit cards in September 2013 by european cardholders.This dataset presents transactions that occurred in two days, where we have 492 frauds out of 284,807 transactions. The dataset is highly unbalanced, the positive class (frauds) account for 0.172% of all transactions.It contains only numerical input variables which are the result of a PCA transformation. Unfortunately, due to confidentiality issues, we cannot provide the original features and more background information about the data. Features V1, V2, … V28 are the principal components obtained with PCA, the only features which have not been transformed with PCA are 'Time' and 'Amount'. Feature 'Time' contains the seconds elapsed between each transaction and the first transaction in the dataset. The feature 'Amount' is the transaction Amount, this feature can be used for example-dependant cost-senstive learning. Feature 'Class' is the response variable and it takes value 1 in case of fraud and 0 otherwise.
Congress Trump Score,This is FiveThirtyEight's Congress Trump Score. As the website itself puts it, it's "an updating tally of how often every member of the House and the Senate votes with or against the president".There are two tables: cts and votes. The first one has summary information for every congressperson: their name, their state, their Trump Score, Trump's share of the votes in the election, etc. The second one has information about every vote each congressperson has cast: their vote, Trump's position on the issue, etc.
Homicide Reports; 1980-2014,The Murder Accountability Project is the most complete database of homicides in the United States currently available. This dataset includes murders from the FBI's Supplementary Homicide Report from 1976 to the present and Freedom of Information Act data on more than 22,000 homicides that were not reported to the Justice Department. This dataset includes the age, race, sex, ethnicity of victims and perpetrators, in addition to the relationship between the victim and perpetrator and weapon used.
The Bachelor contestants,I thought it might be neat to do some simple analytics on The Bachelor contestant data. Contestant info (incomplete) from seasons 1, 2, 5, 9-21 of ABC's The Bachelor.Are there any predictors for success on reality dating shows? Has the typical contestant changed over the years? Are certain qualities under/over-represented in these contestants?
My Uber Drives,Here are the details of my Uber Drives of 2016. I am sharing this dataset for data science community to learn from the behavior of an ordinary Uber customer. Dataset: The dataset contains Start Date, End Date, Start Location, End Location, Miles Driven and Purpose of drive (Business, Personal, Meals, Errands, Meetings, Customer Support etc.) Inspiration. Some ideas worth exploring:What is the average length of the trip?Average number of rides per week or per month?Total tax savings based on traveled business miles?Percentage of business miles vs personal vs. Meals How much money can be saved by a typical customer using Uber, Careem, or Lyft versus regular cab service?
Human Resources Analytics,This is dataset is for HR analytics, the user who previously submitted this deleted the public dataset. The dataset contains employee profiles of a large company, where each record is an employee.At this stage we want to understand the data that compose our Analytical Base Table (ABT) and assess where the quality of it might suffer.
French presidential election,This dataset is born from a test with the twitter streaming api to filter and collect data from this flow on a specific topic, in this case the French election.
Nutrition Facts for McDonald's Menu,Ray Kroc wanted to build a restaurant system that would be famous for providing food of consistently high quality and uniform methods of preparation. He wanted to serve burgers, buns, fries and beverages that tasted just the same in Alaska as they did in Alabama. To achieve this, he chose a unique path: persuading both franchisees and suppliers to buy into his vision, working not for McDonald’s but for themselves, together with McDonald’s. Many of McDonald’s most famous menu items – like the Big Mac, Filet-O-Fish, and Egg McMuffin – were created by franchisees.This dataset provides a nutrition analysis of every menu item on the US McDonald's menu, including breakfast, beef burgers, chicken and fish sandwiches, fries, salads, soda, coffee and tea, milkshakes, and desserts.How many calories does the average McDonald's value meal contain? How much do beverages, like soda or coffee, contribute to the overall caloric intake? Does ordered grilled chicken instead of crispy increase a sandwich's nutritional value? What about ordering egg whites instead of whole eggs? What is the least number of items could you order from the menu to meet one day's nutritional requirements?
Iris Species,The Iris dataset was used in R.A. Fisher's classic 1936 paper, The Use of Multiple Measurements in Taxonomic Problems, and can also be found on the UCI Machine Learning Repository.It includes three iris species with 50 samples each as well as some properties about each flower. One flower species is linearly separable from the other two, but the other two are not linearly separable from each other.
IMDB 5000 Movie Dataset,A commercial success movie not only entertains audience, but also enables film companies to gain tremendous profit. A lot of factors such as good directors, experienced actors are considerable for creating good movies. However, famous directors and actors can always bring an expected box-office income but cannot guarantee a highly rated imdb score.The dataset is from Kaggle website. It contains 28 variables for 5043 movies, spanning across 100 years in 66 countries. There are 2399 unique director names, and thousands of actors/actresses. “imdb_score” is the response variable while the other 27 variables are possible predictors.
European Soccer Database,The ultimate Soccer database for data analysis and machine learning.What you get:+25,000 matches,+10,000 players,11 European Countries with their lead championship,Seasons 2008 to 2016,Players and Teams' attributes* sourced from EA Sports' FIFA video game series, including the weekly updates,Team line up with squad formation (X, Y coordinates),Betting odds from up to 10 providers.Detailed match events (goal types, possession, corner, cross, fouls, cards etc…) for +10,000 matches,*16th Oct 2016: New table containing teams' attributes from FIFA !
Climate Change   Earth Surface Temperature Data,Some say climate change is the biggest threat of our age while others say it’s a myth based on dodgy science. We are turning some of the data over to you so you can form your own view.Even more than with other data sets that Kaggle has featured, there’s a huge amount of data cleaning and preparation that goes into putting together a long-time study of climate trends. Early data was collected by technicians using mercury thermometers, where any variation in the visit time impacted measurements. In the 1940s, the construction of airports caused many weather stations to be moved. In the 1980s, there was a move to electronic thermometers that are said to have a cooling bias.Given this complexity, there are a range of organizations that collate climate trends data. The three most cited land and ocean temperature data sets are NOAA’s MLOST, NASA’s GISTEMP and the UK’s HadCrut.We have repackaged the data from a newer compilation put together by the Berkeley Earth, which is affiliated with Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. The Berkeley Earth Surface Temperature Study combines 1.6 billion temperature reports from 16 pre-existing archives. It is nicely packaged and allows for slicing into interesting subsets (for example by country). They publish the source data and the code for the transformations they applied. They also use methods that allow weather observations from shorter time series to be included, meaning fewer observations need to be thrown away.
Data Stories of US Airlines; 1987-2008,The data used in this project is real and is based on the collection of over 20 years. The total number of record in this dataset is roughly around 120 million rows and the size of the data is approximately 12GB. The data consists of flight arrival and departure details for all commercial flights within the USA, from October 1987 to April 2008. This is a large dataset. There are around 29 attributes.
Oil Pipeline Accidents; 2010-Present,This database includes a record for each oil pipeline leak or spill reported to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration since 2010. These records include the incident date and time, operator and pipeline, cause of incident, type of hazardous liquid and quantity lost, injuries and fatalities, and associated costs.The oil pipeline accident reports were collected and published by the DOT's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration.
Medical Appointment No Shows,A person makes a doctor appointment, receives all the instructions and no-show. Who to blame?110.527 medical appointments its 14 associated variables (characteristics). The most important one if the patient show-up or no-show to the appointment. Variable names are self-explanatory, if you have doubts, just let me know!What if that possible to predict someone to no-show an appointment?
Speed Dating Experiment,What influences love at first sight? (Or, at least, love in the first four minutes?) This dataset was compiled by Columbia Business School professors Ray Fisman and Sheena Iyengar for their paper Gender Differences in Mate Selection: Evidence From a Speed Dating Experiment.Data was gathered from participants in experimental speed dating events from 2002-2004. During the events, the attendees would have a four minute "first date" with every other participant of the opposite sex. At the end of their four minutes, participants were asked if they would like to see their date again. They were also asked to rate their date on six attributes: Attractiveness, Sincerity, Intelligence, Fun, Ambition, and Shared Interests.The dataset also includes questionnaire data gathered from participants at different points in the process. These fields include: demographics, dating habits, self-perception across key attributes, beliefs on what others find valuable in a mate, and lifestyle information. See the Speed Dating Data Key document below for details.
U.S. Homicide Reports; 1980-2014,This datasheet is an extension of the job of "Murder Accountability Project". In this datasheet is included a vectorial file of states to make easier the labour of geographical plotting.The Murder Accountability Project is the most complete database of homicides in the United States currently available. This dataset includes murders from the FBI's Supplementary Homicide Report from 1976 to the present and Freedom of Information Act data on more than 22,000 homicides that were not reported to the Justice Department. This dataset includes the age, race, sex, ethnicity of victims and perpetrators, in addition to the relationship between the victim and perpetrator and weapon used.
Gender Recognition by Voice,Gender Recognition by Voice and Speech Analysis. This database was created to identify a voice as male or female, based upon acoustic properties of the voice and speech. The dataset consists of 3,168 recorded voice samples, collected from male and female speakers. The voice samples are pre-processed by acoustic analysis in R using the seewave and tuneR packages, with an analyzed frequency range of 0hz-280hz (human vocal range).
Pima Indians Diabetes Database,This dataset is originally from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. The objective of the dataset is to diagnostically predict whether or not a patient has diabetes, based on certain diagnostic measurements included in the dataset. Several constraints were placed on the selection of these instances from a larger database. In particular, all patients here are females at least 21 years old of Pima Indian heritage.The datasets consists of several medical predictor variables and one target variable, Outcome. Predictor variables includes the number of pregnancies the patient has had, their BMI, insulin level, age, and so on.
Crimes in Chicago,This dataset reflects reported incidents of crime (with the exception of murders where data exists for each victim) that occurred in the City of Chicago from 2001 to present, minus the most recent seven days. Data is extracted from the Chicago Police Department's CLEAR (Citizen Law Enforcement Analysis and Reporting) system. In order to protect the privacy of crime victims, addresses are shown at the block level only and specific locations are not identified. Should you have questions about this dataset, you may contact the Research & Development Division of the Chicago Police Department at 312.745.6071 or RDAnalysis@chicagopolice.org. Disclaimer: These crimes may be based upon preliminary information supplied to the Police Department by the reporting parties that have not been verified. The preliminary crime classifications may be changed at a later date based upon additional investigation and there is always the possibility of mechanical or human error. Therefore, the Chicago Police Department does not guarantee (either expressed or implied) the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or correct sequencing of the information and the information should not be used for comparison purposes over time. The Chicago Police Department will not be responsible for any error or omission, or for the use of, or the results obtained from the use of this information. All data visualizations on maps should be considered approximate and attempts to derive specific addresses are strictly prohibited. The Chicago Police Department is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages that are referenced by or that reference this web page other than an official City of Chicago or Chicago Police Department web page. The user specifically acknowledges that the Chicago Police Department is not responsible for any defamatory, offensive, misleading, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. The unauthorized use of the words "Chicago Police Department," "Chicago Police," or any colorable imitation of these words or the unauthorized use of the Chicago Police Department logo is unlawful. This web page does not, in any way, authorize such use. Data are updated daily. The dataset contains more than 6,000,000 records/rows of data and cannot be viewed in full in Microsoft Excel. To access a list of Chicago Police Department - Illinois Uniform Crime Reporting (IUCR) codes, go to http://data.cityofchicago.org/Public-Safety/Chicago-Police-Department-Illinois-Uniform-Crime-R/c7ck-438e
Amazon Fine Food Reviews,This dataset consists of reviews of fine foods from amazon. The data span a period of more than 10 years, including all ~500,000 reviews up to October 2012. Reviews include product and user information, ratings, and a plain text review. It also includes reviews from all other Amazon categories
Breast Cancer Wisconsin (Diagnostic) Data Set,Features are computed from a digitized image of a fine needle aspirate (FNA) of a breast mass. They describe characteristics of the cell nuclei present in the image. n the 3-dimensional space is that described in: [K. P. Bennett and O. L. Mangasarian: "Robust Linear Programming Discrimination of Two Linearly Inseparable Sets", Optimization Methods and Software 1, 1992, 23-34].
Crime in Context; 1975-2015,Is crime in America rising or falling? The answer is not as simple as politicians make it out to be because of how the FBI collects crime data from the country’s more than 18,000 police agencies. National estimates can be inconsistent and out of date, as the FBI takes months or years to piece together reports from those agencies that choose to participate in the voluntary program. To try to fill this gap, The Marshall Project collected and analyzed more than 40 years of data on the four major crimes the FBI classifies as violent — homicide, rape, robbery and assault — in 68 police jurisdictions with populations of 250,000 or greater. We obtained 2015 reports, which have yet to be released by the FBI, directly from 61 of them. We calculated the rate of crime in each category and for all violent crime, per 100,000 residents in the jurisdiction, based on the FBI’s estimated population for that year. We used the 2014 estimated population to calculate 2015 crime rates per capita.
Getting Real about Fake News,The latest hot topic in the news is fake news and many are wondering what data scientists can do to detect it and stymie its viral spread. This dataset is only a first step in understanding and tackling this problem. It contains text and metadata scraped from 244 websites tagged as "bullshit" by the BS Detector Chrome Extension by Daniel Sieradski. Warning: I did not modify the list of news sources from the BS Detector so as not to introduce my (useless) layer of bias; I'm not an authority on fake news. There may be sources whose inclusion you disagree with. It's up to you to decide how to work with the data and how you might contribute to "improving it". The labels of "bs" and "junksci", etc. do not constitute capital "t" Truth. If there are other sources you would like to include, start a discussion. If there are sources you believe should not be included, start a discussion or write a kernel analyzing the data. Or take the data and do something else productive with it. Kaggle's choice to host this dataset is not meant to express any particular political affiliation or intent.
Lending Club Loan Data,LendingClub is a US peer-to-peer lending company, headquartered in San Francisco, California. It was the first peer-to-peer lender to register its offerings as securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and to offer loan trading on a secondary market. Lending Club is the world's largest peer-to-peer lending platform.The company claims that $ 15.98 billion in loans had been originated through its platform up to December 31, 2015.Lending Club enables borrowers to create unsecured personal loans between $$1,000 and $ 40,000. The standard loan period is three years. Investors can search and browse the loan listings on Lending Club website and select loans that they want to invest in based on the information supplied about the borrower, amount of loan, loan grade, and loan purpose. Investors make money from interest. Lending Club makes money by charging borrowers an origination fee and investors a service fee.These files contain complete loan data for all loans issued through the 2007-2015, including the current loan status (Current, Late, Fully Paid, etc.) and latest payment information. The file containing loan data through the "present" contains complete loan data for all loans issued through the previous completed calendar quarter. Additional features include credit scores, number of finance inquiries, address including zip codes, and state, and collections among others. The file is a matrix of about 890 thousand observations and 75 variables. A data dictionary is provided in a separate file.
World Development Indicators,The World Development Indicators from the World Bank contain over a thousand annual indicators of economic development from hundreds of countries around the world.Here's a list of the available indicators along with a list of the available countries.For example, this data includes the life expectancy at birth from many countries around the world:
Human Activity Recognition with Smartphones,The Human Activity Recognition database was built from the recordings of 30 study participants performing activities of daily living (ADL) while carrying a waist-mounted smartphone with embedded inertial sensors. The objective is to classify activities into one of the six activities performed.The experiments have been carried out with a group of 30 volunteers within an age bracket of 19-48 years. Each person performed six activities (WALKING, WALKINGUPSTAIRS, WALKINGDOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING) wearing a smartphone (Samsung Galaxy S II) on the waist. Using its embedded accelerometer and gyroscope, we captured 3-axial linear acceleration and 3-axial angular velocity at a constant rate of 50Hz. The experiments have been video-recorded to label the data manually. The obtained dataset has been randomly partitioned into two sets, where 70% of the volunteers was selected for generating the training data and 30% the test data.The sensor signals (accelerometer and gyroscope) were pre-processed by applying noise filters and then sampled in fixed-width sliding windows of 2.56 sec and 50% overlap (128 readings/window). The sensor acceleration signal, which has gravitational and body motion components, was separated using a Butterworth low-pass filter into body acceleration and gravity. The gravitational force is assumed to have only low frequency components, therefore a filter with 0.3 Hz cutoff frequency was used. From each window, a vector of features was obtained by calculating variables from the time and frequency domain.
Circadian Rhythm in the Brain,The data are a time-series of fluorescence images measured of at OHSU Lab of Charles Allen (https://www.ohsu.edu/xd/research/centers-institutes/oregon-institute-occupational-health-sciences/research/allen/).We use a fluorescent protein as a reporter for the circadian clock gene Period1. We are able to follow the expression of this gene in many neurons for several days to understand how the neural network in the suprachiasmatic nucleus synchronizes the circadian clock of individual neurons to produce a precise circadian rhythm. We analyze each image to determine the fluorescence intensity of each neuron over multiple circadian cycles.
H-1B Visa Petitions 2011-2016,H-1B visas are a category of employment-based, non-immigrant visas for temporary foreign workers in the United States. For a foreign national to apply for H1-B visa, a US employer must offer them a job and submit a petition for a H-1B visa to the US immigration department. This is also the most common visa status applied for and held by international students once they complete college or higher education and begin working in a full-time position.This dataset contains five year's worth of H-1B petition data, with approximately 3 million records overall. The columns in the dataset include case status, employer name, worksite coordinates, job title, prevailing wage, occupation code, and year filed.
Federal Reserve Interest Rates; 1954-Present,The Federal Reserve sets interest rates to promote conditions that achieve the mandate set by the Congress — high employment, low and stable inflation, sustainable economic growth, and moderate long-term interest rates. Interest rates set by the Fed directly influence the cost of borrowing money. Lower interest rates encourage more people to obtain a mortgage for a new home or to borrow money for an automobile or for home improvement. Lower rates encourage businesses to borrow funds to invest in expansion such as purchasing new equipment, updating plants, or hiring more workers. Higher interest rates restrain such borrowing by consumers and businesses.This dataset includes data on the economic conditions in the United States on a monthly basis since 1954. The federal funds rate is the interest rate at which depository institutions trade federal funds (balances held at Federal Reserve Banks) with each other overnight. The rate that the borrowing institution pays to the lending institution is determined between the two banks; the weighted average rate for all of these types of negotiations is called the effective federal funds rate. The effective federal funds rate is determined by the market but is influenced by the Federal Reserve through open market operations to reach the federal funds rate target. The Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meets eight times a year to determine the federal funds target rate; the target rate transitioned to a target range with an upper and lower limit in December 2008. The real gross domestic product is calculated as the seasonally adjusted quarterly rate of change in the gross domestic product based on chained 2009 dollars. The unemployment rate represents the number of unemployed as a seasonally adjusted percentage of the labor force. The inflation rate reflects the monthly change in the Consumer Price Index of products excluding food and energy.
Steam Video Games,Steam is the world's most popular PC Gaming hub, with over 6,000 games and a community of millions of gamers. With a massive collection that includes everything from AAA blockbusters to small indie titles, great discovery tools are a highly valuable asset for Steam. How can we make them better?This dataset is a list of user behaviors, with columns: user-id, game-title, behavior-name, value. The behaviors included are 'purchase' and 'play'. The value indicates the degree to which the behavior was performed - in the case of 'purchase' the value is always 1, and in the case of 'play' the value represents the number of hours the user has played the game.
Crowdedness at the Campus Gym,When is my university campus gym least crowded, so I know when to work out? We measured how many people were in this gym once every 10 minutes over the last year. We want to be able to predict how crowded the gym will be in the future.Given a time of day (and maybe some other features, including weather), predict how crowded the gym will be.igure out which features are actually important, which are redundant, and what features could be added to make the predictions more accurate
Brazil's House of Deputies Reimbursements,Brazilian politicians are entitled to refunds if they spend any of their money on an activity that is enabling them to "better serve the people". Those expenses are public data, however, there is little monitoring/data analysis of it. A quick look at it shows a deputy with over 800 flights in one year. Another deputy has over 140.000R$ expenses on mailing (old fashion mail) in one year. There are a lot of very suspicious data regarding the deputies expending behavior. Can you help spot outliers and companies charging unusual amounts of money for a service?
Employee Attrition,This data was originally posted on my personal oneDrive account. It represent fictitious/fake data on terminations. For each of 10 years it show employees that are active and those that terminated. The intent is to see if individual terminations can be predicted from the data provided. The thing to be predicted is status of active or terminated
Open Flood Risk by Postcode,This dataset takes the Environment Agency's Risk of Flooding from Rivers and Sea, and places English postcodes in their appropriate flood risk area, allowing you to look up flood risk from postcode.Open Flood Risk by Postcode takes postcodes as point locations (from Open Postcode Geo) and places the postcode in the appropriate flood risk area. It is important to note that actual properties within a specific postcode may have a slightly different point location and therefore be in a different flood risk area. Generally speaking the point location of a postcode is the point location of the central property in that postcode.
Govt. of India Census; 2001 District-Wise,Census of India is a rich database which can tell stories of over a billion Indians. It is important not only for research point of view, but commercially as well for the organizations that want to understand India's complex yet strongly knitted heterogeneity. However, nowhere on the web, there exists a single database that combines the district- wise information of all the variables (most include no more than 4-5 out of over 50 variables!). Extracting and using data from Census of India 2001 is quite a laborious task since all data is made available in scattered PDFs district wise. Individual PDFs can be extracted from http://www.censusindia.gov.in/(S(ogvuk1y2e5sueoyc5eyc0g55))/Tables_Published/Basic_Data_Sheet.aspx.
Emotion; Aging; and Sentiment Over Time,Chronist is a project to quantitatively monitor the emotional and physical changes of an individual over periods of time. My thesis is that if you can accurately show emotional or physical change over time, you can objectively pinpoint how an environmental change such as a career change, moving to a new city, starting or ending a relationship, or starting a new habit like going to the gym affected your physical and emotional health. This can lead to important insights on an individual level and for a population as a whole.
Video Game Sales with Ratings,Motivated by Gregory Smith's web scrape of VGChartz Video Games Sales, this data set simply extends the number of variables with another web scrape from Metacritic. Unfortunately, there are missing observations as Metacritic only covers a subset of the platforms. Also, a game may not have all the observations of the additional variables discussed below. Complete cases are ~ 6,900
2016 US Election,This contains data relevant for the 2016 US Presidential Election, including up-to-date primary results.The 2016 US Election dataset contains several main files and folders at the moment. You may download the entire archive via the "Download Data" link at the top of the page, or interact with the data in Kaggle Scripts through the ../input directory.What candidates within the Republican party have results that are the most anti-correlated? Which Republican candidate is Hillary Clinton most correlated with based on county voting patterns? What about Bernie Sanders? What insights can you discover by mapping this data?
World Happiness Report 2016,The World Happiness Report is a landmark survey of the state of global happiness. The first report was published in 2012, the second in 2013, the third in 2015, and the fourth in the 2016 Update. The World Happiness 2017, which ranks 155 countries by their happiness levels, was released at the United Nations at an event celebrating International Day of Happiness on March 20th. The report continues to gain global recognition as governments, organizations and civil society increasingly use happiness indicators to inform their policy-making decisions. Leading experts across fields – economics, psychology, survey analysis, national statistics, health, public policy and more – describe how measurements of well-being can be used effectively to assess the progress of nations. The reports review the state of happiness in the world today and show how the new science of happiness explains personal and national variations in happiness.The happiness scores and rankings use data from the Gallup World Poll. The scores are based on answers to the main life evaluation question asked in the poll. This question, known as the Cantril ladder, asks respondents to think of a ladder with the best possible life for them being a 10 and the worst possible life being a 0 and to rate their own current lives on that scale. The scores are from nationally representative samples for the years 2013-2016 and use the Gallup weights to make the estimates representative. The columns following the happiness score estimate the extent to which each of six factors – economic production, social support, life expectancy, freedom, absence of corruption, and generosity – contribute to making life evaluations higher in each country than they are in Dystopia, a hypothetical country that has values equal to the world’s lowest national averages for each of the six factors. They have no impact on the total score reported for each country, but they do explain why some countries rank higher than others.The happiness scores and rankings use data from the Gallup World Poll. The scores are based on answers to the main life evaluation question asked in the poll. This question, known as the Cantril ladder, asks respondents to think of a ladder with the best possible life for them being a 10 and the worst possible life being a 0 and to rate their own current lives on that scale. The scores are from nationally representative samples for the years 2013-2016 and use the Gallup weights to make the estimates representative. The columns following the happiness score estimate the extent to which each of six factors – economic production, social support, life expectancy, freedom, absence of corruption, and generosity – contribute to making life evaluations higher in each country than they are in Dystopia, a hypothetical country that has values equal to the world’s lowest national averages for each of the six factors. They have no impact on the total score reported for each country, but they do explain why some countries rank higher than others.
Video Game Sales,This dataset contains a list of video games with sales greater than 100,000 copies. It was generated by a scrape of vgchartz.com.Fields include Rank - Ranking of overall sales,Name - The games name,Platform - Platform of the games release (i.e. PC,PS4, etc.),Year - Year of the game's release,Genre - Genre of the game,Publisher - Publisher of the game,NA_Sales - Sales in North America (in millions),EU_Sales - Sales in Europe (in millions),JP_Sales - Sales in Japan (in millions),Other_Sales - Sales in the rest of the world (in millions),Global_Sales - Total worldwide sales.
Football Events,Most publicly available football (soccer) statistics are limited to aggregated data such as Goals, Shots, Fouls, Cards. When assessing performance or building predictive models, this simple aggregation, without any context, can be misleading. For example, a team that produced 10 shots on target from long range has a lower chance of scoring than a club that produced the same amount of shots from inside the box. However, metrics derived from this simple count of shots will similarly asses the two teams. A football game generates much more events and it is very important and interesting to take into account the context in which those events were generated. This dataset should keep sports analytics enthusiasts awake for long hours as the number of questions that can be asked is huge.This dataset is a result of a very tiresome effort of webscraping and integrating different data sources. The central element is the text commentary. All the events were derived by reverse engineering the text commentary, using regex. Using this, I was able to derive 11 types of events, as well as the main player and secondary player involved in those events and many other statistics. In case I've missed extracting some useful information, you are gladly invited to do so and share your findings. The dataset provides a granular view of 9,074 games, totaling 941,009 events from the biggest 5 European football (soccer) leagues: England, Spain, Germany, Italy, France from 2011/2012 season to 2016/2017 season as of 25.01.2017.
Twitter User Gender Classification,This data set was used to train a CrowdFlower AI gender predictor. You can read all about the project here. Contributors were asked to simply view a Twitter profile and judge whether the user was a male, a female, or a brand (non-individual). The dataset contains 20,000 rows, each with a user name, a random tweet, account profile and image, location, and even link and sidebar color.Here are a few questions you might try to answer with this dataset: how well do words in tweets and profiles predict user gender? what are the words that strongly predict male or female gender? how well do stylistic factors (like link color and sidebar color) predict user gender?
Mushroom Classification,Although this dataset was originally contributed to the UCI Machine Learning repository nearly 30 years ago, mushroom hunting (otherwise known as "shrooming") is enjoying new peaks in popularity. Learn which features spell certain death and which are most palatable in this dataset of mushroom characteristics. And how certain can your model be?This dataset includes descriptions of hypothetical samples corresponding to 23 species of gilled mushrooms in the Agaricus and Lepiota Family Mushroom drawn from The Audubon Society Field Guide to North American Mushrooms (1981). Each species is identified as definitely edible, definitely poisonous, or of unknown edibility and not recommended. This latter class was combined with the poisonous one. The Guide clearly states that there is no simple rule for determining the edibility of a mushroom; no rule like "leaflets three, let it be'' for Poisonous Oak and Ivy.
Health Insurance Marketplace,The Health Insurance Marketplace Public Use Files contain data on health and dental plans offered to individuals and small businesses through the US Health Insurance Marketplace.This data was originally prepared and released by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS). Please read the CMS Disclaimer-User Agreement before using this data.To help get you started, here are some data exploration ideas:How do plan rates and benefits vary across states?how do plan benefits relate to plan rates?How do plan rates vary by age?How do plans vary across insurance network providers?
Zika Virus Epidemic,This dataset shares publicly available data related to the ongoing Zika epidemic. It is being provided as a resource to the scientific community engaged in the public health response. The data provided here is not official and should be considered provisional and non-exhaustive. The data in reports may change over time, reflecting delays in reporting or changes in classifications. And while accurate representation of the reported data is the objective in the machine readable files shared here, that accuracy is not guaranteed. Before using any of these data, it is advisable to review the original reports and sources, which are provided whenever possible along with further information on the CDC Zika epidemic GitHub repo.An outbreak of the Zika virus, an infection transmitted mostly by the Aedes species mosquito (Ae. aegypti and Ae. albopictus), has been sweeping across the Americas and the Pacific since mid-2015. Although first isolated in 1947 in Uganda, a lack of previous research has challenged the scientific community to quickly understand its devastating effects as the epidemic continues to spread.
Anime Recommendations Database,This data set contains information on user preference data from 73,516 users on 12,294 anime. Each user is able to add anime to their completed list and give it a rating and this data set is a compilation of those ratings.
NBA Free Throws,The data set includes information when the free throw was taken during the game, who took the shot and if it went in or not.The data was scraped from ESPN.com.
Airlines Delay,The U.S. Department of Transportation's (DOT) Bureau of Transportation Statistics (BTS) tracks the on-time performance of domestic flights operated by large air carriers. Summary information on the number of on-time, delayed, canceled and diverted flights appears in DOT's monthly Air Travel Consumer Report, published about 30 days after the month's end, as well as in summary tables posted on this website. BTS began collecting details on the causes of flight delays in June 2003. Summary statistics and raw data are made available to the public at the time the Air Travel Consumer Report is released.
USA Income Tax Data by ZIP Code; 2014,The Statistics of Income (SOI) division bases its ZIP code data on administrative records of individual income tax returns (Forms 1040) from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Individual Master File (IMF) system. Included in these data are returns filed during the 12-month period, January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015. While the bulk of returns filed during the 12-month period are primarily for Tax Year 2014, the IRS received a limited number of returns for tax years before 2014 and these have been included within the ZIP code data.